#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pynacl
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
coverage[toml]==7.4.1
    # via pytest-cov
ddt==1.7.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-crum
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   edx-django-utils
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
django-waffle==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-django-release-util==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
edx-django-utils==5.10.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via pytest
freezegun==1.4.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
newrelic==9.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
packaging==23.2
    # via pytest
pbr==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
pluggy==1.4.0
    # via pytest
psutil==5.9.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pytest==8.0.1
    # via
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-django==4.8.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via freezegun
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via edx-django-release-util
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   edx-django-release-util
    #   python-dateutil
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   pytest
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   asgiref
